Move "Labeling Conventions" page to "Concepts", while preserving tutorial using `.. include::` directive (#4640)
spinalcordtoolbox/spinalcordtoolbox: documentation/source/overview/concepts/labeling-conventions.rst

Point labeling conventions
##########################

SCT accepts two different conventions for single-voxel (point) vertebral labels:

1. **Vertebral levels**: For this type of label file, labels should be placed as though the vertebrae were projected onto the spinal cord, with the label centered in the middle of each vertebral level.

> 2. **Intervertebral discs**: For this type of label file, labels should placed on the posterio  r tip of each disc.

Reviewer: Typo:
```suggestion
2. **Intervertebral discs**: For this type of label file, labels should placed on the posterior tip of each disc.
```
